hey guys what's good it's josh nubert
here I'm just at the scooter hot Sydney
store impaired about it today and I'm
going to talk to you about the sacrifice
products that we've got in our install
we got all of the sacrifice man's debt
or colors it's a straitjacket sacrifice
makes we got the four rails on the
bottom for maximum stability when you're
driving who can you balance so much
better when you're on the rail or grow
box we have a new and improved break and
it is one of the lightest flight of
steps on the market very good very
strong I'll show you all the colors
we've got we've got the black one with
this design on the bottom we've got the
blue one which bend Duncan right
we've got this pink one
no on someone
I've got my one and we got this is the
1i this is my one the fluoro green one
all scratched up because I crime very
good very strong and to go with your
deck you can also get the sacrifice
headset go to the very well very smooth
very fast never had a couple the minor
perfect we've also got the white one
with that graphic on the bottom and
we've also got one more which is which
is the Dillon skulls signature them but
that's not some kind of man that it's
the old out at the moment so we should
have the quarries and they very soon
we've also got a fair few colors in the
wheels we got the purple on purple or
blue screen or black pink on black we've
gone blonder more and we've got the
brand new white on blacks very nice and
wide on blues which come on the system x
and you can also get them separately and
very fast with a very smooth I've
actually got a bright one and they
where the cars are not there's
not Shh these are the biotic forks thank
these just a few other colors which are
they come in more colors um there's a
time people if you like for my pork from
Wally all right um yeah these are just a
few of the colors we got the fluid green
purple I really like oh why I'm also
going to flat here with these are the
ones i'm running this Oliver that come
on Jose actually love these books and
soup well and I had a problem never come
loose in it rice or anything like that
it is point thing we've got on two
different types of bars in the Flemish
bond range would go with or without
graffiti with or without graffiti so
whichever your block if you like a plane
or a lot of pictures it's up to you and
we've got these are the ones I ride
because they are one of the lightest
pets what a lot of bars on the market if
not the lightest then the elite Venice
bars there strangely like make you scoot
away like nothing very good okay okay
last but definitely not least we've got
the system X range which is the
complexity of my students here I've got
the chrome colored one it comes with arm
and is a black five on the first five
variations of the colors which I'll show
you very soon start off we go sacrifice
Crips these groups are so soft and super
comfy actually time so even though
that's awful install we've got hey yeah
install we've also got three yes very
green and pink there's also other colors
which we sell which will be coming in
very soon we've got a live n aspires
which I've already spoken out super
light go now we got the arm sniper SCS
then
God system at step one of the lightest
acts on the market is not the lightest
very nice looking back we've got that
new and improved break I talked about we
got the new wheels new nice smooth
wheels we got the biotic Forks my
favorite that's about it no I'm show you
want fries with that a few other clips
of the dance
you